EMBU:  Nairobi Senator Mike Mbuvi Sonko has come to the rescue of a 100-year-old granny who was jailed over a land row.
 Sonko payed  Sh100,000 fine imposed on the mother of two which her unemployed sons could not raise.
 Sonko rescue team in central and eastern Kenya paid the fine on behalf of the senator.
 The senator wrote this on his facebook page after the release,




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

 Watu Wangu,
 Finally Our Grandma Ngima Gakoromo Margaret Ngina is free courtesy of Sonko Rescue team and can afford to smile once again after being behind bars because of lack of Kshs. 100,000 bond due to a Land Case.
 This late evening I was shocked and found myself emotional when I read a story about our beloved 100 year old granny from Embu who was jailed for failing to raise a fine amounting to Kshs. 100,000 while we have well-connected individuals implicated in Multi-Million Shilling Public Rip-offs continuing to roam in the streets scot-free.
 Sonko Rescue Team was dispatched to help bail out the granny...We could not believe and accept that she spends a 2nd Night in a Cell.
 Sonko Rescue Team will later perform a Full Medical Check-up to make sure that she is all round okay after the unexpected humiliation she underwent.
 Let us all Learn to Respect, Love and Protect the ELDERLY especially women...They took care of us when we were young and It is now our turn to take real care of them.
 We also hereby call for further and thorough investigations on the entire land saga.
 God Bless and Protect All the Elderly in Our Community, God Bless and Protect us All!!
 Nawapenda Wote na muwe na Usiku Mwema.
 The granny who was sentenced to 3 months at the Embu Women Prison entered into the institution’s books of history as the oldest inmate ever.
 Margaret Ngima was sentenced to three months imprisonment by the Embu High Court for contempt of court together with her sons Peter Njue, 72, and Angelo Gichovi, 52, on March 10.
 Lady Justice Florence Muchemi ordered Ngima to pay a fine of Sh100,000 or spend three months in prison.
 The jailing of the 100-year-old granny caused a lot of fury among Kenyans as many questioned the morality of such a sentence.
 Leaders from different quarters expressed their shock at the sentence
 Elgeyo-Marakwet Senator Kipchumba Murkomen tweeted: “It is immoral and wrong for any court of law to do this to a 100-yr-old woman.”
 Makueni Senator Mutula Kilonzo Jnr tweeted: “The million-dollar question is whether the judge now believes that the contempt is purged! Impunity by the courts.”
  
  
